resilient in the face of war and not yet
able to speak or even
stand baby muaz is only 2 months old
living dayto day surviving the most
Relentless Israeli bombing campaign the
Gaza Strip has seen in decades mu's
mother tells us how she faced air
strikes the day she gave
birth our home in jabalia was hit by
missiles it was leveled being pregnant I
crawled from under the at ay with my
one-year-old boy we took shelter in a un
run school where I gave birth to this
child in one of the
classrooms the United Nations estimates
around 50,000 pregnant women are living
in Gaza more than 180 of them are giving
birth each day with little to no medical
attention those who were able to make
their way to Southern Gaza may have
thought they were escaping the worst of
the bombing but it's followed them here
too the humanitarian crisis throughout
Gaza is dire baby Yara was born on
December 25th she's less than a month
old it is common knowledge that a woman
giving birth should receive certain
medication vitamins minerals Etc the
same applies to the newborn who needs
nutrition we received none neither me
nor my baby girl she has not even been
vaccinated even her name and date and
time of birth were not
recorded Yara has an older brother but
absent from this picture is her father
he was killed in an Israeli air strike
worsening her mother's stress during
birth I gave birth in uncharacteristic
conditions a Sheltering center with many
displaced people around me I was lying
on the floor with a bed sheet separating
me from
others in a different Corner in the same
building lies another baby his name is
Riot his mother was in her nth month of
pregnancy when the war started she says
she had to walk to the hospital to give
birth amongst the rubble and destruction
around her she worries her Riot who
hasn't received any medical attention
since he was
born he's suffering asthma because of
smoke and fumes and I cannot find
medicine he has not even received the
regular vaccination for 3 months he has
not even taken the necessary vaccine
against known diseases and
[Music]
these three mothers like many in Gaza
are facing conditions that are hard to
Fathom but what is clear is their
dedication and determination to keep
their children and family
safe in the middle of a war zone Imran
Lan Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer